Use Case: Create Account

(Handled by WP, adapt)

Trigger: User clicks register button

Precondition: User not already logged in

Postcondition: User is now registered

Main Course:
1. System prompts user for user name, email address, password, password confirm
2. User enters and confirms (EX1, EX2)
3. System verifies (EX3, EX4)
4. System moves data into 'pending accounts' storage ()
5. System sends confirmation email and notifies user
6. User selects confirmation link in email
7. Account is created

Exceptions
EX1. Email format invalid: Return to 1 and notify user
EX2. Passwords do not match or do meet requirements: Return to 1 and notify user
EX3. Email Address in use: Return to 1 and notify user
EX4. User Name in use: Return to 1 and notify user

---

Use Case: Login
Trigger: User accesses login form (will appear on many pages most likely)

Precondition: User not already logged in

Postcondition: User is logged in



Main Course:
1. System prompts user for user name, password
2. User enters and confirms
3. System verifies (EX1)
4. User is logged in
5. User is shown logged-in version of current page


Exceptions:
EX1. User name or password invalid
1. Notify User
2. Back to 1


---

Use Case: Logout

(Handled by WP, adapt)

Trigger: User decides to log out.

Precondition: User is logged in

Postcondition: User is logged out

Main Course:
1. User hovers mouse over user name in top right.
2. Drop down menu pops up.
3. User clicks log out
4. System logs user out
5. User is now at anonymous user version of current page

---

Use Case: Change Password

Trigger: User decides to change password

Precondition: User is logged in

Postcondition: User has new password

Main Course:
1. User navigates to "manage account" page 
2. User clicks on "manage account" page
3. User goes down to "change password" button and clicks on it
4. User enters in existing password to verify
5. User enters new password followed by a confirm new password and submits
6. System prompts user that password has successfully been updated

---

Use Case: Recover password.

Trigger: User forgets password

Precondition: User not logged in/at sign in page

Postcondition: User creates new password

Main Course:
1. User clicks the "forgot password" button on sign in page
2. System prompts user for email address or username
3. User enters required information
4. System sends email with link to reset password
5. User clicks on link in email 
6. User enters in required information followed by new password/confirm password
7. System prompts user password has successfully been updated
 

